Hi guys, in this video we're going to
create
one minute video using the takes two.3
takes to video GU of 12 GB of VR to
create this uh uh video
1 minute video. Okay.
Okay. As you can see it's around 29
seconds.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the confi
it.
Okay, once it's run, you can load this
model in the link on description and tx
to text to video J
12 GB.
Okay, before we run this model, we have
to understand those requirements set. As
you can see, FTX model file
in the fusion model is we have to add
this file download on this. Click
crystal and copy download or click this
download button and the process of
downloading is beginning. Okay, for me I
download all those. I just do the same
thing for all those. Second one is
distur
you can get those places right here. I'm
going to go here compress
and for example lus once you download
this file you can go here to lus and put
right here as you can see I put this
file in this place okay text encoder
download the model and paste in this
older clip as you can see the other clip
connect to LDX But then connectors
download this and past it right here in
a clip.
Let this
uh audio and video vie. Okay. And this
one is vie. Go here to model
vie
uh txt to vie folder. Download those
files. We have four files in this fold.
You must download all of them and paste
right here. As you can see, it's the
same file audio video
that video and uh here
text. Okay.
And the final one is special upscaler.
We download this one and add the display
latent upscape model is where is latent
upscale model is this one. Okay, as you
can see it is my file. The final one is
tiny v for previous
to tiny v. You can go to modus v
approximative and this my file I
download this one is the same thing.
Okay, after downloading this file is
and put it in these places. Okay,
refresh the page at go here.
That's why click here go place the model
right here.
After that we have to go here
video settings with Android. If you have
24 GB of V RAM or more you can use uh
720p. For me we have 12 GB of VRAM
still here. uh 48 [clears throat]
A3 for the height and the width this one
the N.
Okay. After that uh let's go press here
the same thing here. Now you prompt for
to create this video is here in this
place. I'll give only one to create this
one video. One minute video.
One minute video. Fight between Goku and
Nar. Okay, let's go here. CHP.
I want to tell Ch
this one.
I create this one. I test make girls
narrow to one minute one minute video
with direct and as file cinematic style.
Okay.
The scenes it creates all those scenes.
that.
Uh, okay. To do that, we have to go
here, copy all those scenes.
Okay, this is the end.
Copy this. 30 seconds 60 seconds. Frame
per second is 24. anime cinematic. This
is for this scope. Okay. For me, it's
the same thing. I won't show you.
Okay. 24
frames per second. Where is this one?
Ah, this one. Okay. It's uh fine. Okay.
For the video time, you set it
here. The length.
Okay. We want to make this calculation.
Okay. 24 seconds,
24 frames
multiplying by 60 seconds. Okay. I want
to add this number here.
They make it for me.
>> Wow.
Okay. As you can see, I copied this one
and I paste right here. After that, they
have to run it. Run our model.
Let's hit run.
It's pretty
looking. Uh let's go here
and see see the performance of our SP
and GPU.
So, you're the strongest fighter from
another world,
huh? Guess we'll find out.
All right.
Shadow clone jutsu.
All right, this is getting exciting.
Huh?
We're fast.
Believe it.
This is now
So you're the strongest fighter from
>> As you can see this the result as I
showed you previously of the video. It's
around 1 minute.
Okay.
I'm absolutely disappointed by the
result
and help more than does not give you as
you want of quality fighting. I can't
see fighting right here. You see only
explosion
characters is not my and cuckoo. This is
this is absolutely it me.
Now let's test the time. The time of
this uh 1 minute takes around 2 hour 30
minutes. That's a lot for